Codes to use with xcompact3D for pre-processing and post-processing of airfoils.

Preprocess_code_nc0018.py 
-> Has all the tools to pre-process the airfoil. it meshes the airfoil ,defines the domain, probes, etc.

Cp_coords_obtention.py
-> Code to generate the coordinates where the sample of pressure will be taken.
    -> This code works together with pressure_taps.py code. If the pressure_taps.py is missing in the 
        directory where Cp_coords_obtention.py is, it won't work.

The coordinates generated by the Cp_coord_obtention.py must be copied to the directory in WSL to sample the
pressure. Once the sample of pressure is done, the .dat file with the pressure must be copied back to the windows environment.
All this can be avoided if the work is only done in a linux environemnt with accurate graphix environtment to post-process images.



NACA0018_Solid_Post_0dg_GITHUBv1/

-> Has the directory used for the calculations shown in the thesis. The structure of the directory must not be altered 
to achieve a good usage of the codes. Inside results_data should be all the .dat files generated by the post-processing code.
From this directory the .dat files will be read to process all the 2D plots.

  -plot_forces_compare.py
    -> Has all the tools to post-process and analyze the convergence of the CL and Cd.
      it does a moving average and a standard deviation for each average obtained.

 -plot_probes_u.py
    -> Code to post-process the monitoring probes only for velocity variables.

 -plot_vel_profiles
   -> Code to plot the velocity profiles extracted from the mean field.

 -plot_anergy_exergy.py
   -> Code to plot the energy/exergy results and decomposition of forces through energy approach.

- data/
  directory with the results in the last timestep for the simulation with the NACA0018 at 0° of AoA.


  
